Document update (#27785)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/features/datasources/influxdb.md

### Query variable

> If you add a template variable of the type `Query` you can write an InfluxDB exploration (meta data) query. These queries can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you add a template variable of the type `Query`, then you can write an InfluxDB exploration (metadata) query. These queries can
```

return things like measurement names, key names or key values.

> For example, you can have a variable that contains all values for tag `hostname` if you specify a query like this in the templating variable *Query* setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can have a variable that contains all values for tag `hostname` if you specify a query like this in the template variable **Query* setting.
```
